✦ Obsidian
┃ The Best App for Video Calls, Messaging, AI Assistant, Reactions, Voice Calls, and so much more!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What the App Offers ・

A free creating Account System, with a profile with Username, Nickname, Profile Picture, Bio, Pronouns, Profile/PFP Effects (With Premium)
Users can create their own "Vaults," which are similar to Discord Servers, but with a Different Name. These Vaults have their own Vault Image for their icon, and a Vault Theme they can select from. Here are the Vault Themes they have to choose from: Basic Vault, Gaming Vault, Emoji Vault, Movie Vault, Pet Vault, Voice Chat Vault, Active Vault, and Build your own Vault. You can only build 5 Vaults on each account.  
On the Vaults, you can add your own Channels with their own names, and you can add a Channel Template with like symbols in front of the Channel Name, like so: (・ Channel Name)
You can create your own Custom Rules for the Vault and the roles in Vault Settings. You can also add your own custom emojis. To add 5 more slots of 10 emojis, you need ObsidianCore. As a Basic Member, you have 2 slots, so you can upload a total of 10 custom emojis to these slots.
You can also do Video Calls, Voice Messages, Send Reactions, Send Emojis (Custom Emojis with ObsidianCore (Premium), Send GIFS, Send ObsidianCore Gifts, Send Items and Emotes (Emotes are Emoji GIFS that the user sends to someone, and music or effects start playing on their screen based on what Emote they sent. The items are stuff to gift to them, like a StreakSaver, XP Giver, etc.
You can also Add Users and Send Friend Requests and Message Requests. There are also ObsidianRooms. You can create up to 2 Private Rooms with a Room Code that you can join in real-time. You can join the 5 Main Rooms: The Main Room, VIP Room, Core Room, School Room, and Gaming Room.

The Theme Of Obsidian ・

The UI of Obsidian is Sleek, Simple, Clean, Minimal, and Very Simple UI. The colors are smooth gradients of Black, White, and Dark Grey. With some accents of white.
The particles are smooth, right-side moving particles moving to the right with a gradient black and dark grey background.
The font for the Big Titles is 'League Spartan' while the small texts and headers are 'Inter Bold'.
The icons used for the Sidebar are 'Font Awesome Icons' and don't use emojis or slanted Font Awesome icons. And add smooth animations and effects to everything.

The Rundown of Obsidian ・

When you open the app, Obsidian will greet you with its homepage for "index.html". It's like the Discord Homepage, it has the 'League Spartan' Font for the "Obsidian" title with the particles in the back like I told you before. Then there is a button that says "Login" or "Sign Up." If you scroll down on the homepage, it has what the App has to offer, like Round Squares with the Font Awesome icon and the title of what it offers, then the description, and when you hover over it, it has a shadow. There is a smooth animation for the icon, etc. When you press login or sign up, it takes you to the /login.html page, which is the login screen, but you can press register if you don't have an account. Once you press register, you put your email, password, and then you go to the login screen and log in with that. Then you're on the /app.html. It auto-greets you and says, "Hey! Welcome to Obsidian! To get started, go to your profile!" with a button that takes you directly to your profile. Each account has its own profile and account, complete with its own servers. Then it has a button that says "Take me to my Profile!" Then it takes you to your profile, and here are all the settings on your profile. It's built like Discord's, and it has the side panel with the Account, Profile, Theme (With 4 Main Themes, White/Midnight/Black/Default), Devices (Can see your IP and where you logged in, and what device), and just a bunch of normal settings, etc. On the Account one, you can change your email, username, password, email, and log out or delete the account. On the profile settings, you can change your Profile Picture, Nickname, Bio, Pronouns, Banner, etc. With ObsidianCore, you can change your Profile Picture Frame, like it's an animated 3D Frame for the PFP, and you can change the Profile Collage, and that's like ProfileCollage color and animation, that's all with ObsidianCore. In the Obisidian App, at the bottom, you see a line with an "Add Vault" button and a "Discovery" button, and all your vaults that you are in go in there. And above the Vault List (near the bottom), above that is the Daily Feed with Announcements, and round squares and dates and names and pictures for each announcement, etc. It also has the real-time of what the user's time is, and the time moving animation is just a 3d flipping animation for the time when it changes, like seconds, minutes, etc. It also has your notifications, latest friend requests, and more stuff for the homepage. For the Vault's you can add roles, bots, all that stuff, etc. Let's move the Vault List to be on the left-hand side, going down, Kind of like Discord. You can add custom emojis and stickers to the vault. The messaging system is like Discord's. It has the message bar, with some text like: Message in "The Channel name or the User's Name", and then on the right side of the message board is the "Elements", which has the "Emoji Selection", "GIF Keyboard," "Sticker Selection", and "Gift User" which will cost money and be used with 'Stripe Payments' The emoji keyboard will be 'API'd' from "https://emoji-api.com/" and the GIF Keyboard will be from here: "https://tenor.com/developer/dashboard" and the "Sticker Selection" will be from "https://dashboard.stipop.io/auth/sign-up" and that' all! There is a secret called "The X" and you have to press these 10 keys on your keyboard, and you get "ObsidianX." It allows you to get custom backgrounds, ObsidianCore, and more. Only friends can get it. There is also a shop where you can get "Obsidian Shards" that you can pay for money, like "500 Shards for $2.99", "1000 Shards for $5.99", "5000 Shards for $10.99", "10,000 Shards for $20.99", and lastly, "50,000 Shards for $60.99" And in the shop, you can buy stuff instead of having Core. You can buy CoreBasic for $2.99 for 1 Month, which has only custom emojis and the badge on your profile. Normal Core is $9.99 for 1 Month, and it has all the perks. Here is the Release Items for the Shop: 
